Welcome to three of the Milestone project we're not going to add two main components for a dashboard.
One is the date time picker so we can choose the range of dates to actually grab stock information from.
And we're also going to add Panther's data reader to actually connect to the Internet and then grab
data.
There's a few caveats I want to point out about Panas data reader.
One is to make sure you've already installed it.
If you haven't already.
So it should have been included in our requirements that text file that we talk about during the installation
and setup lecture.
Then in case you haven't you can simply do a Pipp install of Panda's data reader and it should work.
We also have a link in the Guidebook for their official documentation on their installation process.
The other thing I want to mention is since this data reader is a library that reaches out to the Internet
and grabs stock information sometimes those AP guys are changing.
So we're going to be using the string code itx during this lecture.
As of this filming that still works but in the future it may change to another string code.
For example previously Google and Yahoo shared their API for historical stock information but then those
got broken.
So that's where we're using IPX in the future.
I-X may no longer work and you'll have to check the link in the documentation to get the latest string
code for whatever API is currently working.
Another option is Morningstar.
But for right now we'll use IPX because it's short and curly works.
So I just want you to be highly aware of that in case your code doesn't work or you get an issue of
reading that data.
Please check out the links to the official documentation in the guidebook.
Lastly I want to know that since we are reaching out to the Internet if you have a firewall that blocks
your program from reaching out to the Internet and grabbing information and this is really common in
your workplace environment your code may not work until you actually run as an administrator.
The network capabilities.
So please keep that in mind.
All right with all those caveats not being said.
Let's head back to our Paice script.
All right back at our PostScript we're going to do here is add a couple of more imports.
We're going import panderers data reader data as well.
Again you have to make sure you've installed pinless data reader and also save from date time import
date time so have those imports an all the way down.
Back backing up that graph we're going to do is we're going to define the actual data by a data frame
so we're going to be editing this data right here.
But first we want to grab the data.
So we're going to do is the following will say that the start date is equal to date time and then we
pasan a year a month and a day.
So let's say January 2017 as our start and we'll set the end date to the end of that year.
So the end they will be a date time objects 2017 12 31 and then what we're going to do is say DMF is
equal to web dot and there is will recall a data reader object.
We're going to pass in the stock ticker so say stock underscore ticker Superstock stock tickers what's
being passed in from the input value and then it will say use the code i.e. X. That's the actual API
code that's being used and then we'll go from start to end.
And as I previously mentioned this code is what you have to be aware of in the future.
This may change so you want to check the link to the official documentation as far as which API codes
are still functioning but once you have that data frame it's essentially a data frame with all the information
of the actual historical stock price.
So for X we're going to do is pass in the index which is the dates and for why we're going to pass in
the closing price say DSF close.
And in fact we can just pass this in as a string for that column.
So the f close.
OK.
Let's save that.
Let's just check to make sure that this runs so same Python basic that PI enter and it looks like it's
running so let's head over toward dashboard and upon going through dashboard you should now see the
historical stock price for Tesla something to keep in mind is if you start updating this input you're
going to start getting errors because if you look back at the script it's not to find a stock ticker
for T S L A and then lowercase D.
And in fact if you do this to something that does exist like Microsoft what's going to happen is they'll
finally update but only once it finds a corresponding stock ticker symbol.
So everything else will do Eyres.
So if you do something just like a bunch of random text it'll stay if it's prease information that isn't
giving an error.
But if you do something that makes sense like for instance Apple It will then automatically update to
Apple.
What would be nice is to have it only update once we hit some submit button.
So that's going to evolve using a state.
What's also going to be nice is if we could add a little date picker here to choose a start date and
an end date from the dashboard instead of having to go back to the script to edit that.
But so far we should see is an update to the historical price information.
Let's go ahead and add the date picker now.
And in fact we're going to jump to the next lecture.
An added picker range there because it's a little more involved.
And we want to set it as it's own lecture.
We'll see other.